It's okay, sister.
This is a gift from the boss of Genting Tiangong for me at no cost.
Xiaoyao, you cheated again.
How could the boss give you such an expensive gift?
Maybe Xiaoyao helped someone
Yeah, do him a favor.
It's normal for him to give me a villa, oops.
Don't worry.
I'm not the gambler I used to be
From now on
I will keep my feet on the ground
Let's live our best lives
Sister, just trust Xiaoyao
Is he now?
Not only did you make money
And his own business
He has really changed for the better
Xiaoyao believes that you have changed
Back then, all three of us were orphans
Although there is no blood relationship
But I believe that as long as we work together
Life will definitely get better and better
The life experience of the eldest sister and the second sister
I didn't find out until more than ten years later
It seems to have something to do with Zhang Jia, a wealthy family in Zhongzhou
I didn't expect the eldest sister to know long ago
Sister, even if we are not related by blood
She will not always be my good sister
So much has happened today
Sister is a little tired
I'm going to rest first
I'll show you our new house tomorrow